README.rst, before:

Immunichain
===========

**Comprehensive Overview of Hyperledger Composer with a Taste of Hyperledger Fabric** 

**How did Immunichain Come About?**

Immunichain came from an IBM internal Blockchain hackathon in early May of 2017. The hackathon generated an use-case from an IBMer. Around the same time, an Open Mainframe Project intern Kevin Lee from Illinois University of Urbana–Champaign was tasked to make a Blockchain business network and web UI demonstrating the benefits of Blockchain with this use case. In early August of 2017 at SHARE, he showcased his end product – which is what you are going to work with today!

**What are you going to accomplish**

If you go through this Big Kahuna lab, you are going to be operating on multiple environments. One environment is going to be a Linux (SLES) instance operating on a LinuxONE. This environment is supported through the LinuxONE Community Cloud. Another is a Kubernetes environment, in which you will be using Hyperledger Composer. As you move throughout the lab, you will create a network from scratch and then test your network out through transactions. Then you add some participants and privacy through access control lists. Once you deploy your network onto the Hyperledger Fabric, you will open your business network to a REST Server. To end, you will try out the web UI of the same network you just created. 

**Sub-Labs**

The first release of this lab will be called the **Big Kahuna.** There will be 5 subsequent labs that are composed of smaller versions of the Big Kahuna. Within the Lab folder, you can find information on each lab individually. 

**Release Schedule**

Once the Big Kahuna is released, the other 5 labs will be released a week apart from each other. In total, 6 labs over the next 6 weeks.

**Version Control**

When releasing this lab, I am using Hyperledger Composer at 0.19.0 and Hyperledger Fabric at 1.1.0. The goal **should be** to update the lab as the new versions are released. The goal **will be** update the lab as the new versions are released and I can test this lab against those new versions. Once I release the 6 total labs over the next 6 weeks, I suspect Hyperledger Composer will be at 1.0.x and Hyperledger Fabric will be releasing beta versions for 1.2.0. I will try my best to update to those versions.

**What I’m asking of you..**

Hyperledger Fabric and Hyperledger Composer are both open source projects within the Hyperledger Project, which is supported through the Linux Foundation. Since this is an open source project, I would love and appreciate any feedback or errors you receive as you approach them. The open source space is only as good as the community. 

**Special Thanks**

  - Kevin Lee: Thank you for contributing a lot of this code and the framework of Immunichain 
  - Barry Silliman: Thank you for being a great mentor and steering me in the right direction
  - Jin VanStee: Thank you for keeping Barry and I in line. Also, you are great at picking restaurants
  - Garrett Woodworth: Thank you for being the coding wizard you are. You resolved a lot of inhibitors thoughout this lab
  - Kevin Breitenother: Thank you for being one of the guinea pigs to test out this lab

**Pre-Requisites for Mac**

  - Web Browser (Chrome preferably)
  - Command line
  - Internet connectively

**Pre-Requisites for Microsoft**

  - Web Browser (Chrome preferably)
  - Command line
  - Internet connectively
  - PuTTY and PuTTYgen

Commit message:

Just for you Jennifer Foley

README.rst, after:

Immunichain
===========

**Comprehensive Overview of Hyperledger Composer with a Taste of Hyperledger Fabric** 

**How did Immunichain Come About?**

Immunichain came from an IBM internal Blockchain hackathon in early May of 2017. The hackathon generated an use-case from an IBMer. Around the same time, an Open Mainframe Project intern Kevin Lee from Illinois University of Urbana–Champaign was tasked to make a Blockchain business network and web UI demonstrating the benefits of Blockchain with this use case. In early August of 2017 at SHARE, he showcased his end product – which is what you are going to work with today!

**What are you going to accomplish**

If you go through this Big Kahuna lab, you are going to be operating on multiple environments. One environment is going to be a Linux (SLES) instance operating on a LinuxONE. This environment is supported through the LinuxONE Community Cloud. Another is a Kubernetes environment, in which you will be using Hyperledger Composer. As you move throughout the lab, you will create a network from scratch and then test your network out through transactions. Then you add some participants and privacy through access control lists. Once you deploy your network onto the Hyperledger Fabric, you will open your business network to a REST Server. To end, you will try out the web UI of the same network you just created. 

**Sub-Labs**

The first release of this lab will be called the **Big Kahuna.** There will be 5 subsequent labs that are composed of smaller versions of the Big Kahuna. Within the Lab folder, you can find information on each lab individually. 

**Release Schedule**

Once the Big Kahuna is released, the other 5 labs will be released a week apart from each other. In total, 6 labs over the next 6 weeks.

**Version Control**

When releasing this lab, I am using Hyperledger Composer at 0.19.0 and Hyperledger Fabric at 1.1.0. The goal **should be** to update the lab as the new versions are released. The goal **will be** update the lab as the new versions are released and I can test this lab against those new versions. Once I release the 6 total labs over the next 6 weeks, I suspect Hyperledger Composer will be at 1.0.x and Hyperledger Fabric will be releasing beta versions for 1.2.0. I will try my best to update to those versions.

**What I’m asking of you..**

Hyperledger Fabric and Hyperledger Composer are both open source projects within the Hyperledger Project, which is supported through the Linux Foundation. Since this is an open source project, I would love and appreciate any feedback or errors you receive as you approach them. The open source space is only as good as the community. 

**Special Thanks**::

  - Kevin Lee: Thank you for contributing a lot of this code and the framework of Immunichain 
  - Barry Silliman: Thank you for being a great mentor and steering me in the right direction
  - Jin VanStee: Thank you for keeping Barry and I in line. Also, you are great at picking restaurants
  - Jennifer Foley: Thank you for your beautiful script to download Hyperledger Composer locally
  - Garrett Woodworth: Thank you for being the coding wizard you are. You resolved a lot of inhibitors thoughout this lab
  - Kevin Breitenother: Thank you for being one of the guinea pigs to test out this lab

**Pre-Requisites for Mac**

  - Web Browser (Chrome preferably)
  - Command line
  - Internet connectively

**Pre-Requisites for Microsoft**

  - Web Browser (Chrome preferably)
  - Command line
  - Internet connectively
  - PuTTY and PuTTYgen
